We learnt early on in the course how to create variables we can assign any value we like to a variable
and then use that variable throughout a script changing its value whenever we need to.
We can also create values that we can't change once we've defined them.
And these are called constants.
To create a constant mph P We use the defined function passing in a name and a value for the constant.
For example let's add a constant called Maximum that has an integer value of 100 constants can contain
the values of most types.
For example let's add another one that contains a string.
Constants can be used just like variables like that which when we run it displays the value of the constant.
What you can't do with constants is change their value once defined their value remains constant.
Hence they're called constants.
For example if I try defining new value for the maximum constant like that.
When we run this cold we get an error message saying the constant was already defined.
And note the value hasn't been changed.
Unlike variables constants defined with the defined function.
Global and they're available anywhere in the script they're often used to define settings are values
that you might need throughout the whole site.
For example database credentials are configuration settings.
Constants are so used inside classes commonly to define a values for use with the classes methods.
However we can't use the defined function inside a class to define a constant inside a class.
We use the konst keyword
for example let's add a constant to our Item class like that constants our traditional defined at the
top of a class definition.
To use this constant we access it in the same way as a static property our method specifying the class
name to us and the name of the constants like static properties and methods constants aren't tied to
a specific instance of the class and when we run this code we see the constant value printed out.
So constants are static values but we don't need to use the static keyword.
As for visibility by default constants our public.
But you can change this as with properties and methods if you need to.
I'd like to explicitly specify the visibility.
Just to make it clearer.
We've already been using some constants.
For example when using the mine rescue Well I fetched turei function.
We can pass in various constant values to change the type of results we get back.
That's fun naming standards.
Constants should be named OL in upper case with words separated by underscore.